well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
and today is september 11th
years ago seems like a lifetime ago
really
a young engineer named nick roused me
out of my rack
plane just hit the world trade center
took me a minute to kind of wake up and
get out there
turn the corner look at the tv get there
just in time to see the second plane hit
we knew then it wasn't an accident and
we knew what that meant
so we did what i think most men of our
ilk would have done
we grabbed beer and a board game called
risk
sat there and watched people die live on
tv
knowing a whole bunch of other people
were about to die
because somebody was going to pay for
that
see the thing is among the casualties
that day
from the three towers in new york that
field
and the pentagon there's one casualty
never gets listed
never gets named it's not on any
memorial
but it was mortally wounded that day we
didn't know it at the time though we
were too busy
too busy putting yellow ribbons on our
cars
looking for a flag to pick up and wave
or picking up a gun
traveling halfway around the world to
kill people we never met and
most of them didn't have anything to do
with what happened that day
but nonetheless
that casualty got closer to flatlining
with each new
law that got passed freedom's breath got
more and more shallow
with every right and every freedom the
government took from you
prior to september 11 2001 a lot of the
things that seemed normal today
were unthinkable the idea of
u.s forces being engaged in torture
the idea of indefinite detention
the idea that the government would have
a record of you watching this video
and that was something out of some
science fiction movie
showing the worst that can happen
today it's reality
because we're scared and because we lost
the war on terror
i know there's some people are gonna say
no no no no we did we lost it
game over see terrorism
isn't random terrorism is not
just killing for killing sake and hoping
to scare people
terrorism is very strategic in fact the
definition
the real definition of terrorism is the
use of violence or the threat of violent
acts
designed to influence those beyond the
immediate area of attack
to achieve a political religious
ideological or monetary goal
that's terrorism and that key thing
there is beyond the immediate area of
attack
it's not about killing it's about
provoking a reaction
and in most strategies of terrorism the
idea is to provoke an overreaction
those responsible for the september 11th
attacks couldn't have wished
for the response that happened i mean
that
is the best case scenario the american
people just basically here take my
rights take my freedom
because that's what they need they need
the government to overreact
and clamp down
you see then the average person person
out here in the real world
they get mad when you go to get on an
airplane and you get groped by the tsa
you get mad at some middle eastern guy
you mad at the government and that's the
idea
the idea is that it ferments rebellion
and resistance to the government
eventually
this causes the downfall of that
government
that's that's the concept that's the
strategy behind terrorism
and the reason people use it is because
it works
now normally the government
the target government isn't so willing
to go along with it
um but in this case
freedom you know they packaged it they
sold it and now
a decade and a half later they have
people basically believing the more
freedom you give up
the more you support freedom i mean you
have people
in positions of government saying we
were just following orders
it's called the nuremberg defense they
got hung
anyway
the the thing is
we can't let this become normal
we can't let this become normal and the
reason
i'm i'm saying this is because i got a
feeling judging from the comments on all
these videos
that all these years it's been you guys
y'all been giving freedom cpr
but at the same time i see something in
the comments section a lot that just
kind of blows my mind
everybody's talking about how to vote
freedom back
nobody in power is going to give you
your rights back
they all sell you this under the idea
that it's temporary
it's not they're not going to return
these freedoms you're not going to
dismantle the surveillance state or the
police state
by voting somebody into office
they don't care we've passed that point
we're at the point now where we have two
options
you know when you want to change
someone's mind
you have two things you can do you can
put a new idea
in their brain or you can put a bullet
in it
i'd really like to focus on putting a
new idea
out there and the idea is that
we've got to do this from the bottom up
we have to do it at the community level
you're going to defeat an overreaching
government by ignoring it
you know and in in that vein
come up with a couple ideas i'd like to
run by you
here's some things that i think can be
done at the local level
community level
that will help reinstill the idea
that freedom is not doing what the
government tells you to do
and the first part about that is
teaching the children quietly
and that is making sure that your kids
know that this isn't normal
see above all the thing that we have to
do at all cost
is to never allow this to become
normalized
we can't let the idea of soldiers
they're police officers they got badges
but now they're in
m-raps and carrying the same weapons
people carried in overseas
they're soldiers on street corners
we can't allow the idea
of constant surveillance to become
normal
we have to fight it and the way you
fight that is you make sure that your
kids know that it's not right
that it's not normal and in that sense
you're kind of planting a shade tree
that you're never going to get to sit
under
but you're creating a generation of
people that know it's wrong
you've got to prepare for the worst it's
one of the other things that i think
we need to focus on because a
as we saw during the hurricanes last
year and as we're about to see again
the government isn't coming to help okay
they don't care they don't care about
you
fema is not going to come help so you
need to become self-reliant
and you need need to be able to take
care of yourself and your community in
the event of a natural disaster
now the reason this aids and the idea of
instilling freedom is because the more
self-reliant you are
the less dependent on government you are
the less they have to hold over you
most of the great movements in this
country have realized this
now i mean you can look to black
activists in the 60s and 70s who
basically came up with the idea for food
stamps
um and they ran it themselves they
distributed food
to help build that self-reliance in
their community
to the right-wing militia guys out there
ready for doomsday
self-reliance it's important
counter economics counter economics is
something that's uh
it's a fancy word for basically meaning
to kind of starve the government
because they they kind of leech off of
every
economic transaction you make now to
people my age
and older that means you know
silver gold reduce reuse reserve
uh repurpose recycle uh
barter to those younger
there's this cryptocurrency thing
bitcoin now i understand the premise of
it
it's basically a currency that isn't
backed by a government and man that
sounds cool
uh and then you know
with a lot of the the hippie people
today
i don't know what to call them uh you
know
farmers markets organic growing growing
your
food not lawns did a video on that um
all of that helps keep the money
local which means it doesn't go to these
big corporations
which then turn around and give it to
the government give it to
politicians in the form of bribes or
campaign contributions whatever
so we've got to start focusing on that
um your circle of friends
if you're serious about this
and you want to really get into the
fight you have to surround yourself with
other people who are in it
and again i really do believe y'all the
ones have been keeping freedom on cpr
y'all one's been keeping it alive
um so i think it's important
that that happens and that you guys
support each other
the other thing is to look out for the
downtrodden
look out for those that are that have
kind of hit the hit the bottom
because those people more than anybody
are going to understand how messed up
things got
and that goes to the homeless vet
that everybody's going to pretend they
care about today even though if they did
we wouldn't have homeless vets um
to the guy that just got out of the
joint because
you know he got wrapped up selling dope
you know some non-violent crime that now
his life is ruined
but maybe
you own a business and give him a job
help get him back on his feet
maybe you can kind of help out with that
these are people that understand freedom
and understand the loss of it
these are people that are probably more
willing
to get involved and get active than you
might imagine
and then i've touched on this in other
videos and i've hinted to it
but i've never really come out and said
it the
us army special forces it's the most
feared fighting unit in the world the
green berets
the reason they're the most feared
fighting unit in the world
is not because they're such adept
killers i mean they are don't get me
wrong
but the reason other governments are
afraid of them is because they're
teachers
they show up in a foreign country and
they take the local populace
and they train them and that 12-man team
can fill the battalion of soldiers in no
time
that's terrifying you need to be a force
multiplier that's what they call it
force multiplication
you need to get out there you've got to
start talking to people
do it on facebook do it in real life
talk about what we've lost
talk about how we can fix it and build
your community
because if your community is strong
enough what happens in dc doesn't matter
because you can ignore it and at the end
of the day
that's how this is going to have to play
out unless we want it to get really bad
we're going to have to defeat a
government that is
very overreaching by ignoring it
you know the face of tyranny is always
mild at first
and we're there right now we really are
and if we don't pay attention
we're gonna lose the ability to get it
back
so uh something to think about
today you all have a good day